the classic maple snare drum is five and
a half by 14 inches this drug features
an 8 by 7 millimeter all maple shale has
last two blogs sound to our coops
20 strands super-sensitive high carbon
steel snares this drum just has a warm
throaty just rich really inviting sound
we thought this drum sounded great
applied to rock and pop styles classic
rock you could use it for jazz as well
and it sounds really really good playing
all kinds of shuffle styles just a
wonderful warm sounding traditional wood
snare drum
this job would be great for a lot of
musical applications but it seems to
speak best with jazz rock
it's got a rich warm sound it's got a
lot of clarity maple is one of the
prominent woods in the John market today
and this really exhibits all the
properties you would expect out of a
maple job thanks for checking out the
classic vample snare maybe this drum
provides a salad you want
you